Update syntax.md (#2666)
vuejs/vuejs.org: src/v2/guide/syntax.md

The workaround is to either use expressions without spaces or quotes, or replace the complex expression with a computed property.

> When using in-DOM templates (templates are directly written in an HTML file), you should also avoid naming keys with uppercase characters, as browsers will coerce attribute names into lowercase:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using in-DOM templates (i.e., templates written directly in an HTML file), you should also avoid naming keys with uppercase characters, as browsers will coerce attribute names into lowercase:
```
